Parallel Integer Sorting and Simulation Amongst CRCW Models.
Pattern Matching in Trees and Nets.
NP-complete Problems Simplified on Tree Schemas.
On the Power of Chain Rules in Context Free Grammars.
Schnelle Multiplikation von Polynomen &uuml;ber K&ouml;rpern der Charakteristik 2.
A characterization of rational D0L power series.
The Derivation of Systolic Implementations of Programs.
Fifo Nets Without Order Deadlock.
On the Complementation Rule for Multivalued Dependencies in Database Relations.
Equational weighted tree transformations.
Merged processes: a new condensed representation of Petri net behaviour.
Verifying a simplification of mutual exclusion by Lycklama-Hadzilacos.
A Three-Stage Construction for Multiconnection Networks.
The Expressive Power of Delay Operators in SCCS.
Calculi for Interaction.
A Synthesis of Several Sorting Algorithms.
A Workload Model Representative of Static and Dynamic Characteristics.
Gray visiting Motzkins.
Trace- and failure-based semantics for responsiveness.
Branching Processes in the Analysis of the Heights of Trees.
Least Upper Bound on the Cost of Optimum Binary Search Trees.
The Mathematical Analysis of the Computer System Modeled as a Two Stage Cyclic Queue.
Invariants, Composition, and Substitution.
Maximum Entropy and the <i> G/G/1/N </i> Queue.
Abstraction and Performance in the Design of Parallel Programs: An Overview of the SAT Approach.
A theory of structural stationarity in the <i>pi</i> -Calculus.
Hex ist PSPACE-vollst&auml;ndig.
Evolutionary Systems: A Language Generating Device Inspired by Evolving Communities of Cells.
Relational structures model of concurrency.
On an Equivalence between Continuation and Stack Semantics.
Nonterminals Versus Homomorphisms in Defining Languages for Some Classes of Rewriting Systems.
A Note on the Density of Inherently Ambiguous Context-free Languages.
Time Lower Bounds for Parallel Sorting on a Mesh-Conected Processor Array.
Computational Algorithms for Networks of Queues with Rejection Blocking.
Compositional Refinements in Multiple Blackboard Systems.
Special issue on "Combining Compositionality and Concurrency": part 1.
Automatic verification of concurrent systems using a formula-based compositional approach.
On Removing the Machine from the Language.
Complete Problems for Space Bounded Subclasses of NP.
Efficient controller synthesis for a fragment of MTL<sub>0,&#8734;</sub>.
Two Notions of Correctness and Their Relation to Testing.
Best Huffman Trees.
Behandlung verschiedener INTEGER-Darstellungen durch optimierende Compiler.
The Parsing Problem for Affix Grammars.
On Efficient Entreeings.
Persistence of Vector Replacement Systems is Decidable.
Implementing Daubechies Wavelet Transform with Weighted Finite Automata.
Functional Behavior in Data Spaces.
Inductive Completion with Retracts.
Sometime = Always + Recursion = Always on the Equivalence of the Intermittent and Invariant Assertions Methods for Proving Inevitability Properties of Programs.
Complete Parameterized Families of Job Scheduling Strategies.
Modelling higher-order dual nondeterminacy.
Dispatcher Primitives for the Construction of Operating System Kernels.
A Note on Multihead Automata and Context-Sensitive Languages
A Recursive Second Order Initial Algebra Specification of Primitive Recursion.
Context-Free Graph Languages of Bounded Degree are Generated by Apex Graph Grammars.
Worst Case Performance of Weighted Buddy Systems.
Contextual Nets.
COSY - A System Specification Language Based on Paths and Processes.
Applying relation algebra and Rel View to solve problems on orders and lattices.
Eliminating Unit Productions from LR Parsers.
Attribute (Re)evaluation in OPTRAN.
On Parallel Integer Sorting.
Domain Independence and the Relational Calculus.
Multi-Granularity Locking for Nested Transactions: A Proof Using a Possibilities Mapping.
Bounded Quantification and Relations Recognizable by Finite Automata.
A Complete Algebraic Characterization of Behavioral Subtyping.
Efficient execution of dynamically controllable simple temporal networks with uncertainty.
Minimum Feedback Vertex Sets in Cocomparability Graphs and Convex Bipartite Graphs.
Behavioural Approaches to Algebraic Specifications: A Comparative Study.
Instruction sequence processing operators.
What is Failure? An Approach to Constructive Negation.
STG decomposition strategies in combination with unfolding.
Quad Trees: A Data Structure for Retrieval on Composite Keys.
On the Number of Relational Operators Necessary to Compute Certain Functions of Real Variables.
A Study of Queueing Networks with Deterministic Service and Application to Computer Networks.
Explaining the Wheel Sieve.
Another Polynomial Homomorphism.
Variance Reduction Techniques for the Simulation of Markov Process.
State complexity of deletion and bipolar deletion.
Decomposition of Graphs and Monotone Formula Size of Homogeneous Functions.
Deterministic pushdown-CD-systems of stateless deterministic R(1)-automata.
On the Synchronization in Parallel Communicating Grammar Systems.
Weakly Context-Sensitive Languages as Model for Programming Languages.
Rules of Inference for Procedure Calls.
The Construction of Operator Interfaces Based on Logical Input Devices.
High Level Tree Transducers and Iterated Pushdown Tree Transducers.
Gobang ist PSPACE-vollst&auml;ndig.
A note on autodense related languages.
Solving HPP and SAT by P Systems with Active Membranes and Separation Rules.
Optimizing the Costs of Hierarchical Quorum Consensus.
Recursive Petri nets.
Multitype Multiprogramming Models.
Automatic Correction of Syntax-Errors in Programming Languages.
Representation and uniformization of algebraic transductions.
Concurrent Bisimulations in Petri Nets.
Enhanced prefetching and caching strategies for single- and multi-disk systems.
Recording the Use of Memory in Right-Boundary Grammars and Push-Down Automata.
State space axioms for T-systems.
Extended multi bottom-up tree transducers.
The Clean Termination of Iterative Programs.
Infinite Proof Rules for Loops.
Nonfinite Axiomatizability of the Equational Theory of Shuffle.
Running a job on a collection of partly available machines, with on-line restarts.
Data Refinement by Calculation.
Program Refinement in Fair Transition Systems.
A Functional Model for Describing and Reasoning About Time Behaviour of Computing Systems.
M-Nets: An Algebra of High-Level Petri Nets, with an Application to the Semantics of Concurrent Programming Languages.
On the Look-Ahead Problem in Lexical Analysis.
The maximum gain of increasing the number of preemptions in multiprocessor scheduling.
Data Encodings and Their Costs.
Hierarchies of Complete Problems.
Ein Vollst&auml;ndigkeitssatz f&uuml;r Programme und Schaltkreise.
Type-based information flow analysis for the pi-calculus.
Sur une Conjecture de S. Greibach.
A Conservation Law for G/G/m Queueing Systems.
Applications of Efficient Mergeable Heaps for Optimization Problems on Trees.
Context-Free Graph Grammars and Concatenation of Graphs.
On a Class of Recursive Procedures and Equivalent Iterative Ones.
Algorithms for Fast Evaluation of Boolean Expressions.
A Comparison of Two Synchronizing Concepts.
How to Calculate Symmetries of Petri Nets.
Nonterminals, Homomorphisms and Codings in Different Variations of OL-Systems. I. Deterministic Systems.
Recognizability of graph and pattern languages.
The Synthesis Problem of Petri Nets.
A Binary Operation on Trees and an Initial Algebra Characterization for Finite Tree Types.
On weighted first-order logics with discounting.
A Characterization of Context-free String Languages by Directed Node-label Controlled Graph Grammars.
Demonic, angelic and unbounded probabilistic choices in sequential programs.
An Efficiency Preorder for Processes.
On the Generalization of Higman and Kruskal's Theorems to Regular Languages and Rational Trees.
Modeling Splits in File Structures.
Languages Accepted by Systolic Y-Tree Automata: Structural Characterizations.
Synchronized regular expressions.
On regular tree languages and deterministic pushdown automata.
A Modal Logic for Message Passing Processes.
Maintaining Range Trees in Secondary Memory. Part I: Partitions.
Does indirect addressing matter? - A note.
Reasoning Algebraically about Loops.
A Model of a Time Sharing Virtual Memory System Solved Using Equivalence and Decomposition Methods.
Trace Nets and Process Automata.
Metric propositional neighborhood logic with an equivalence relation.
A Principle of Independence for Binary Tree Searching.
Optimal Divide-and-Conquer to Compute Measure and Contour for a Set of Iso-Rectangles.
The Paging Drum Queue: A Uniform Perspective and Further Results.
The Undecidability of the Unification and Matching Problem for Canonical Theories.
The Programming Language Pascal.
Semantics, calculi, and analysis for object-oriented specifications.
Inhibitionsfelder.
Head and state hierarchies for unary multi-head finite automata.
On the Number of Active-Operations Needed to Compute the Discrete Fourier Transform.
The stuttering principle revisited.
Redundant Proofs of Non-Interference in Levin-Gries CSP Program Proofs.
Lazy Structure Sharing for Query Optimization.
Fair ambients.
Concurrent Access to Data.
Relaxed red-black trees with group updates.
Generation of Efficient <i> LALR </i> Parsers for Regular Right Part Grammars.
A Markovian queue with varying number of servers and applications to the performance comparison of HSDPA user equipment.
Priority Conflict-Free Petri Nets.
Optimum Multiway Search Trees.
Characterization of all Optimal Networks for a Simultaneous Computation of AND and NOR.
Parallel Integer Sorting Using Small Operations.
Stochastic cooperative distributed grammar systems and random graphs.
Performance Evaluation of Fork and Join Synchronization Primitives.
Some properties of the disjunctive languages contained in <i>Q</i>.
Systolic Automata for VLSI on Balanced Trees.
A new natural structural congruence in the pi-calculus with replication.
Optimal Multiprogramming.
Classes of Systolic Y-Tree Automata and a Comparison with Systolic Trellis Automata.
On Real-Time Cellular Automata and Trellis Automata.
Transformational Design of Real-Time Systems Part I: From Requirements to Program Specifications.
Performance Preorder and Competitive Equivalence.
A Survey of Normal Form Covers for Context Free Grammars.
A Note on Synthesis and Classification of Sorting Algorithms.
Liveness of a mutex algorithm in a fair process algebra.
Another Look at the "Longest Ascending Subsequence" Problem.
Complexity Theory and the Operational Structure of Algebraic Programming Systems.
Models for Reactivity.
Axioms for Generalized Graphs, Illustrated by a Cantor-Bernstein Proposition.
A Proof System for Distributed Processes.
Finite State Relational Programs.
A Gap Between the Actual Complexity of Permutations and Their Entropy Defined by Sto&szlig;.
MAT learners for tree series: an abstract data type and two realizations.
Exponentially decreasing number of operations in balanced trees.
Correctness of the Compiling Process Based on Axiomatic Semantics.
Paramodulated Connection Graphs.
The Lattice of Data Refinement.
Backtracking in Recursive Computations.
Efficient LL(1) Error Correction and Recovery Using Only Insertions.
Formal Derivation of Strongly Correct Concurrent Programs.
Efficient Worst-Case Data Structures for Range Searching.
A Formal Identification between Tuples and Lists with an Application to List-Arithmetic Categories.
Monotone Data Flow Analysis Frameworks.
Disambiguating Grammars by Exclusion of Sub-Parse Trees.
Axiomatising Finite Delay Operators.
Laws of Data Refinement.
Representing the integers with powers of 2 and 3.
Fast allocation and deallocation with an improved buddy system.
A Linear Space Algorithm for the LCS Problem.
Refinement of actions for real-time concurrent systems with causal ambiguity.
Efficient recognition algorithms for boundary and linear eNCE graph languages.
Comparing Locality and Causality Based Equivalences.
Proving Relative Lower Bounds for Incremental Algorithms.
Zur Theorie der Partiell-linearen Realisierungen endlicher Automaten
Data Refinement of Mixed Specifications.
A note on pure and p-pure languages.
A distributed resource allocation algorithm for many processes.
Complexity of Distributed Commit Protocols.
Adaptive sorting: an information theoretic perspective.
Erratum: Predicative Methodology.
The Correctness of the Schorr-Waite List Marking Algorithm.
Synchronizable Deterministic Pushdown Automata and the Decidability of their Equivalence.
Distance Measures for Point Sets and their Computation.
Optimum Reorganization Points for Arbitrary Database Costs.
Analyse d'un algorithme de gestion simultan&eacute;e M&eacute;moire centrale - Disque de pagination.
Opportunistic Algorithms for Eliminating Supersets.
Synchronized extension systems.
Klaus Samelson.
The Method of Attributes for Data Flow Analysis: Part II. Demand Analysis.
Reduction Rules for Time Petri Nets.
Electing a Leader in a Ring with Link Failures.
Parallel Approximation Schemes for Problems on Planar Graphs.
Compositional type checking of delta-oriented software product lines.
Single Machine Scheduling with Deadlines and Increasing Rates of Processing Times.
On Parsing Arithmetic Expressions in a Multiprocessing Environment.
A Probabilistic Analysis of the Height of Tries and of the Complexity of Triesort.
A Class of Coders Based on GSM.
Optimal recovery schemes in fault tolerant distributed computing.
An All-Round Sweep Algorithm for 2-Dimensional Nearest-Neighbor Problems.
Richer interface automata with optimistic and pessimistic compatibility.
On the System of word equations x^i_1 x^i_2 ... x^i_m = y^i_1 y^i_2 ...y^i_n (i=1, 2, ...) in a Free Monoid.
Two-Level Meta-Controlled Substitution Grammars.
The query complexity of estimating weighted averages.
<i> LALR </i> (1, 1) Parser Generation for Regular Right Part Grammars.
Grammars on Partial Graphs.
Average-Case Complexity for the Execution of Recursive Definitions on Relational Databases.
Frameworks for Abstract Interpretation.
OBSCURE: A Specification Language for Abstract Data Types.
Performance Bounds on the Splitting Algorithm for Binary Testing.
Rational Set of Trees and the Algebraic Semantics of Logic Programming.
Rational Bijection of Rational Sets.
Planning and execution with flexible timelines: a formal account.
Some Comments on "Concurrent Readers and Writers".
A Branch-and-Bound Algorithm to Obtain an Optimal Evaluation Tree for Monotonic Boolean Functions.
Optimal covers in the relational database model.
Integrating Code Generation and Peephole Optimization.
Is Text Compression by Prefixes and Suffixes Practical?
Methods for the Automatic Construction of Error Correcting Parsers.
Ordered Attributed Grammars.
Optimal Bounds on the Gain of Permitting Dynamic Allocation of Communication Channels in Distributed Computing.
Linearly bounded infinite graphs.
A Practical Example of the Specification of Abstract Data Types.
Sur diverses familles de langages ferm&eacute;es par transductions rationelle
On 3-Head Versus 2-Head Finite Automata.
Specification and Verification of Object-Oriented Programs Using Supertype Abstraction.
An efficient simulation algorithm on Kripke structures.
Improved matrix pair undecidability results.
Automaten in planaren Graphen.
Maximum Entropy Two-Station Cyclic Queues with Multiple General Servers.
Project scheduling with irregular costs: complexity, approximability, and algorithms.
Toward Formal Development of Programs from Algebraic Specifications: Implementations Revisited.
Programmed grammars and their relation to the LBA problem.
Semantic Decomposition of Computer Programs: An Aid to Program Testing.
A Proof Technique for Communicating Sequential Processes.
New proof for the undecidability of the circular PCP.
A polynomial time computable metric between point sets.
Verification of heap manipulating programs with ordered data by extended forest automata.
The Family of One-Counter Languages is Closed Under Quotient.
Sticky-free and overhang-free DNA languages.
A Class of Linearly Parsable Graph Grammars.
Efficient systematic clustering method for <i>k</i>-anonymization.
Validation of a Computer Performance Model of the Exponential Queuing Network Family.
Optimization in temporal qualitative constraint networks.
Reducing non-determinism in right nulled GLR parsers.
Deciding probabilistic bisimilarity over infinite-state probabilistic systems.
Abstract reduction in directed model checking CCS processes.
Compositional construction of most general controllers.
Through the Mincing Machine with a Boolean Layer Cake.
The Implementation of Retention in a Coroutine Environment.
Asymptotic Expansions of the Mergesort Recurrences.
Logic for Improving Integrity Checking in Relational Data Bases.
Correct hardware synthesis - An algebraic approach.
EOL Forms.
On Procedures as Open Subroutines. I
The Method of Forced Enumeration for Nondeterministic Automata.
Finite Complete Rewriting Systems and the Complexity of the Word Problem.
On the Expressiveness of Subset-Sum Representations.
A Note on Multi-queue Scheduling of Two Tasks.
Petri Net Algorithms in the Theory of Matrix Grammars.
Decision Problems Concerning Thinness and Slenderness of Formal Languages.
General Correctness: A Unification of Partial and Total Correctness.
Stratified Balanced Search Trees.
Purely Top-Down Updating Algorithms for Stratified Search Trees.
Crypt-Equivalent Algebraic Specifications.
On Some Decidable Properties of Finite State Translations.
Size-Depth Tradeoff in Monotone Boolean Formulae.
On Efficient Implementation of an Approximation Algorithm for the Steiner Tree Problem.
Coincidental extension of scattered context languages.
Parallel communicating grammar systems with terminal transmission.
Time Optimal Left to Right Construction of Position Trees.
Relaxed balance for search trees with local rebalancing.
Analytic Models for the Primary Site Approach to Fault-Tolerance.
Concurrent abstract state machines.
Preemptive online algorithms for scheduling with machine cost.
Logical and Schematic Characterization of Complexity Classes.
Storage Utilization in B*-Trees with a Generalized Overflow Technique.
View selection for <i>real</i> conjunctive queries.
A Run-Time Load Balancing Strategy for Highly Parallel Systems.
Optimal semi-online algorithms for preemptive scheduling problems with inexact partial information.
Two Graph Algorithms Derived.
A Logic-Based Approach to Program Flow Analysis.
Mono&iuml;des syntactiques des langages alg&eacute;briques.
An Algorithmic and Complexity Analysis of Interpolation Search.
On constructibility and unconstructibility of LTS operators from other LTS operators.
Strongly transitive automata and the Cern&yacute; conjecture.
Possibility and Impossibility Results in a Shared Memory Environment.
Type-based hot swapping of running modules.
Specifying Communication in Distributed Information Systems.
Nearly Optimal Hierarchies for Network and Formula Size.
Compositional Analysis of C/C++ Programs with VeriSoft.
On the tree inclusion problem.
Controlled finite automata.
Algebraic Models of Microprocessors: Architecture and Organisation.
Program Analysis and Optimization through Kernel-Control Decomposition.
A top-down proof procedure for generalized data dependencies.
Flow Languages Equal Recursively Enumerable Languages.
Simple Extensions of 1-writer Atomic Variable Constructions to Multiwriter Ones.
Lower Bounds for On-Line Two-Dimensional Packing Algorithms.
A Maximum Entropy Priority Approximation for a Stable <i> G/G/ </i> 1 Queue.
A Kernel Language for Programmed Rewriting of (Hyper)graphs.
Subtyping for session types in the pi calculus.
A Fair Calculus of Communicating Systems.
Generalized normal form for rewriting P systems.
Synchronous cooperation for explicit multi-threading.
A Fixed Point Approach to Parallel Discrete Event Simulation.
Type Introduction for Equational Rewriting.
On decidability of LTL model checking for process rewrite systems.
Maintaining Range Trees in Secondary Memory. Part II: Lower Bounds.
The Multiple Phase Service Network with Generalized Processor Sharing.
Complexity of Analyzing the Synchronization Structure of Concurrent Programs.
Binary Search Trees in Secondary Memory.
Geometrical Tools to Map Systems of Affine Recurrence Equations on Regular Arrays.
Orthogonality of Information Structures.
Efficient Algorithms for Checking the Atomicity of a Run of Read and Write Operations.
Minimally adequate teacher synthesizes statechart diagrams.
Order and Metric in the Stream Semantics of Elemental Concurrency.
Relational Database Constraints as Counterexamples.
Thrifty Execution of Task Pipelines.
Expressibility of Output Equals Input.
Properties of Data Flow Frameworks.
Dual unbounded nondeterminacy, recursion, and fixpoints.
Information Theoretic Approximations for the <i> M/G/ </i> 1 Retrial Queue.
Top-Down Syntax Analysis.
Hiding in Stream Semantics of Uniform Concurrency.
Data Management Support for Database Management.
d-Words and d-Languages.
An Alternative Implementation of an Insertion-Only Recovery Technique.
Approximation schemes for the Min-Max Starting Time Problem.
On the Expansion of Non-Linear Functions.
Structured Numbers: Properties of a Hierarchy of Operations on Binary Trees.
EOL Systems with Control Devices.
Analysis of Space Allocation in a Generally Fragmented Linear Store.
Computational Fractal Geometry with WFA.
Parsing Regular Grammars with Finite Lookahead.
Metric temporal logic revisited.
Comparing Expressibility of Normed BPA and Normed BPP Processes.
A Simple, Fast, and Effective LL(1) Error Repair Algorithm.
Genericity and the pi-calculus.
Multi-tilde-bar expressions and their automata.
Erratum: The size of random bucket trees via urn models.
Synthesizing robust systems.
On best transitive approximations to simple graphs.
Page Size in Demand-Paging Systems.
On Hierarchies of Abstract Data Types.
Update Operations in Deductive Databases with Functional Dependencies.
Apex Graph Grammars and Attribute Grammars.
Optimum Decision Trees - An Optimal Variable Theorem and its Related Applications.
An Algorithm for Merging Heaps.
Short Proofs for Tricky Formulas.
Some Average Performance Measures for the B-Tree.
The `Hoare Logic' of Concurrent Programs.
Robust Data Types.
Random sprouts as internet models, and P&oacute;lya processes.
Concurrency of Operations on B-Trees.
Chromatic Binary Search Trees. A Structure for Concurrent Rebalancing.
Constructing Maximal Slicings from Geometry.
A complexity tradeoff in ranking-function termination proofs.
Timed automata with urgent transitions.
Formes de langages et de grammaires.
Optimal Worst Case Trees.
An efficient algorithm for finding ideal schedules.
Specification and Verification of Database Dynamics.
Information Theoretic Approximations for <i> M/G/ </i> 1 und <i> G/G/ </i> 1 Queuing Systems.
A Lower Time Bound for the Knapsack Problem on Random Access Machines.
Splitting forward simulations to copewith liveness.
A deterministic skip list for k-dimensional range search.
A Tree-Based Mergesort.
On an Exponential Server with General Cyclic Arrivals.
Total lineare Realisierbarkeit endlicher Automaten.
A Decidability Criterion for van Wijngaarden Grammars.
Online square and cube packing.
Replaceability and Computational Equivalence for Monotone Boolean Functions.
Correctness of Semantic Integrity Checking in Database Management Systems.
Subrekursive Komplexit&auml;t bei Gruppen: II. Der Einbettungssatz von Higman f&uuml;r entscheidbare Gruppen.
A Model and a Fast Algorithm for Multiple Errors Spelling Correction.
A Useful Lemma for Context-Free Programmed Grammars.
Three Measures for Synchronic Dependence in Petri Nets.
Data structures for order-sensitive predicates in parallel nondeterministic systems.
Checking interval properties of computations.
Labelled transition logic: an outline.
A Multiclass Networt Model of a Demand Paging Computer System.
Exploiting colored Petri nets to decide on permutation admissibility.
A Robust and Efficient Spatial Data Structure.
On the Role of Unification in Mechanical Theorem Proving.
On the Average Internal Path Length of <i> m </i> -ary Search Trees.
Deterministic Sequential Functions.
Step semantics of boolean nets.
Querying Sequence Databases with Transducers.
Dynamic Weighted Binary Search Trees.
Bi-Catenation and Shuffle Product of Languages.
Letter from the Editor.
On Non-Determinancy in Simple Computing Devices.
Deterministic Grammars and Grammar Morphisms.
Efficiently building a parse tree from a regular expression.
Refinement verification of the lazy caching algorithm.
do Considered od: A Contribution to the Programming Calculus.
Query optimization in information integration.
The Expressive Power of the Bounded-Iteration Construct.
Efficient Memo-Table Management Strategies.
Die mittlere Additionsdauer eines Paralleladdierwerks
Van Wijngaarden Grammars and Space Complexity Classs EXSPACE.
Reducing the Number of Multiplikations in Iterative Processes.
Solving a weak NP-complete problem in polynomial time by using mutual mobile membrane systems.
The Characterization of Parallel Ultralinear Grammars by Rational Power Series.
Optimization of a Subclass of Conjunctive Queries.
Dynamic controllability via Timed Game Automata.
Axiomatic Approach to Total Correctness of Programs.
On Abelian 2-avoidable binary patterns.
Concurrent Testing of Processes.
Timed tree automata with an application to temporal logic.
Efficient Comparison of Program Slices.
A Reply to Comments on "A Comparison of Two Synchronizing Concepts"
New bounds for the query complexity of an algorithm that learns DFAs with correction and equivalence queries.
On Simplest Possible Solutions for Post Correspondence Problems.
Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for the Universality of Programming Formalisms.
Cooperative Distributed Dynamic Load Balancing.
The identity problem of finitely generated bi-ideals.
The Boolean closure of linear context-free languages.
&Uuml;ber die Vernetzungsstruktur von Maschinen.
Towards action refinement for true concurrent real time.
Tableau-Based Model Checking in the Propositional Mu-Calculus.
The Complexity of Reachability in Distributed Communicating Processes.
Bin stretching revisited.
Reasoning about faulty quantum programs.
A Characterization of Attribute Evaluation in Passes.
Analysis of a Class of Communicating Finite State Machines.
A Calculus of Refinements for Program Derivations.
Parallel LL parsing.
Recursive Assertions and Parallel Programs.
Finding vertex-surjective graph homomorphisms.
Fast Algorithms for the Elimination of Common Subexpressions
Erratum: Proving Properties of Pascal Programs in MIZAR 2.
Unconditional Transfer in Regulated Rewriting.
Further Analysis of Code Generation for a Single Register Machine.
The Synchronization of Independent Processes.
An Effectively Given Initial Semigroup.
Canonical prefixes of Petri net unfoldings.
Hardness of equivalence checking for composed finite-state systems.
Acceptable Functional Programming Systems.
Preference rankings in the face of uncertainty.
A word on 7 letters which is non-repetitive up to mod 5.
Truly Prefix-Correct Chain-Free <i> LR </i> (1) Parsers.
Some Efficient Computational Algorithms Related to Phase Models.
Axiomatic Approach to Side Effects and General Jumps.
From ATP to Timed Graphs and Hybrid Systems.
On the Recognition of Permuted Supnick and Incomplete Monge Matrices.
Tree-systems of morphisms.
First-order logics: some characterizations and closure properties.
Non uniform random generation of generalized Motzkin paths.
Parallel Tree Contraction and Prefix Computations on a Large Family of Interconnection Topologies.
Developmental Systems with Locally Catenative Formulas
Self-stabilizing group communication in directed networks.
Connectivity of workflow nets: the foundations of stepwise verification.
Trajectory-based codes.
Mining approximate interval-based temporal dependencies.
LAR: A Logic of Algorithmic Reasoning.
Synthesized and Inherited Functions. A new Computational Model for Syntax-Directed Semantic.
On Proving that Certain Languages are not ETOL.
Concurrent Algorithms for Root Searching.
Stochastic game logic.
Worst-Case Analysis for Region and Partial Region Searches in Multidimensional Binary Search Trees and Balanced Quad Trees.
Ambiguity and Precedence in Syntax Description.
Maintaining Order in a Generalized Linked List.
Verification of Programs with Procedure-Type Parameter.
The Design of a Portable Programming Language.
Merging Sorted Runs Using Large Main Memory.
Strongest Invariant Functions: Their Use in the Systematic Analysis of While Statements.
On Finite Automata with Limited Nondeterminism.
Some properties of involution binary relations.
